[Music]
I'm scared Professor Dumbledore everyone
is scared of something
what is this yes you're next
that's an unusual one what mr. Scamander
fears above everything else is having to
work in an office sir go ahead and use
ridiculous
[Music]
magic rooms
only in rare Souls still in skulk in
shadows
[Music]
of the old ways serve us no longer take
it we've heard the rumors
for an efficient but he will rise to
dominance over the Wizarding World
so you're asking me to help hunt him
down
I can't move against Grindelwald it has
to be you in your shoes I'd probably
refuse to as late did he lean it oh come
on
[Music]
you underestimate your talents missus
come on
their arrogance is a key to our victory
muggles are not lesser
not disposable
yes you could mute you never met a
monster you couldn't love traitors
mr. Scamander do you think tumble to
will known for her
[Music]
are you ghost no I'm alive well I'm an
alchemist and therefore immortal oh
you're gonna fly man J koalas oh oh you
don't look a day over 375
[Music]
I have some questions for you professor
this is a surprise
there's a rumor that Newt Scamander is
headed to Paris
[Music]
I know he's working under your orbitals
what do you have to say for yourself
Dumbledore
if you'd ever had the pleasure to teach
him you know newt is not a great
follower of orders the times coming
[Music]
when you were gonna have to pick a side
are you going somewhere no way guys away
jeez
[Music]
I can't move against Grendel for it has
to be you
[Music]